refacto: new `Client` API (#248)
slowtec/tokio-modbus: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.12.0 (unreleased)

- Client: Add new Modbus `Client` API.
- Client: Add `Result` type alias.

```rust
pub type Result<T> = Result<Result<T, Exception>, std::io::Error>
```

- Example: Update all examples with new `Client` API.

### Breaking Changes

> - Client: All the functions signatures in `Client`, `Reader` and `Writer` traits
>   have changed the return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client: All methods in the `Client`, `Reader`, and `Writer` traits now return nested `Result` values that both need to be handled explicitly.
```

  ```diff
  async fn read_coils(&mut self, _: Address, _: Quantity)
  - -> Result<Vec<Coil>, std::io::Error>;
  + -> Result<Result<Vec<Coil>, Exception>, std::io::Error>;
  ```

> 

Reviewer: Please add newlines and apply (re-)formatting as needed.
